.TH LDAP_SSL 1 "29 Apr 2016"
.
.SH NAME
.hy 0
.
.BI ldap_ssl
\- generate certificate and management ldap tls configuration
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ldap_ssl
[OPTION]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
ldap_ssl is management tool that manages TLS configuration and
creates certificates
.TP
Create SSL cerfiticate:
.B ldap_ssl
-c
.TP
Add TLS configurations
.B ldap_ssl
-a -p /etc/openldap/certs/pki/ldap.crt -k /etc/openldap/certs/pki/ldap.key
.TP
Remove TLS configuration:
.B ldap_ssl
-r
.PP
This is used many environment variables in ldap-auth-utils.conf(5). See also
.B 'man 5 ldap-auth-utils.conf'
.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -C
assign the path of CA certicate. The default value is
/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt. This option is used with -c option.
.IP -a
set ssl configuration on sldapd
.IP -c
create private key and self signed server certificate. The other options
are ignored.
.IP -h
display help message and exit
.IP -p
private key
.IP -r
remove ssl configuration on slapd
.IP -s
server certicate
.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Normally, the exit status is 0 if no errors, and 1 otherwise.
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2016 JoungKyun.Kim
.PP
This is free software;
see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty;
not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.
.SH BUGS
bug tracker is located at <https://github.com/Joungkyun/ldap-auth-utils/issues>.
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ldap-auth-utils.conf(5),
.BR ldap_auth(1),
.BR ldap_auth_init(1),
.BR ldap_grpadd(1),
.BR ldap_grpdel(1),
.BR ldap_host_manage(1),
.BR ldap_passwd(1),
.BR ldap_replica(1),
.BR ldap_useradd(1),
.BR ldap_userdel(1)
