.TH LDAP-AUTH-UTILS.CONF 5 "29 Apr 2016"
.
.SH NAME
.hy 0
.
.BI ldap-auth-utils.conf
\- ldap-auth-utils configuration file/environment variables
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
/etc/openldap/ldap-auth-utils.conf
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
ldap-auth-utils.conf have the environment variable to be used in the ldap-auth-utils.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Ldap connection configuration:
.TP
.BI LDAP_PRIV
The value of connection option for ldap server. Default value is
.B "-Y EXTERNAL",
and this means that connect to localhost with UID 0 privileges. If you want to connect
remote ldap server, do set follows:

.B LDAP_PRIV
= -d "cn=manager,dc=domain,dc=com" -w "password" ldaps://remote.domain.com/
.TP
.BI USER_DN
Organization Unit(OU) name for authenticate user entry. Default value is
.BI 'People'.
.TP
.BI GROUP_DN
Organization Unit(OU) name for authenticate group entry. Default value is
.BI 'Group'.
.
.SS Account default informations:
These options are used by ldap_useradd.
.TP
.BI OPT_GID
Default GID. Default value is 
.BI 10000.
.TP
.BI OPT_SHELL
Default SHELL. Default value is
.BI '/bin/bash'
.TP
.BI OPT_HOME_PREFIX
Set home directory with this option. Default value is
.BI '/home/ldapusers'
and the path of real home directory is
expanded to /home/ldapusers/__USERNAME__.
.TP
.BI OPT_GECOS
Default GECOS. Default value is
.B 'LDAP Users'
.TP
.BI OPT_GROUPS
Default group member. During the account registration, register the account
to the member of a particular group. Use the white space, you can specify
more than one.
.TP
.BI MIN_UID
Minimum UID value to be used in the LDAP
.TP
.BI MIN_GID
Minimum GID value to be used in the LDAP
.TP
.BI OPT_HOSTS
Register the host to allow access with the FQDN. Use the white space, you
can specify more than one. To grant access to all of the hosts, please register
the "
.BI *
".
.
.SS Password configuration:
.TP
.BI PASSWD_MECH
It specifies the encryption method. It supports md5, sha256, sha512. Default value is
.BI sha512.

As of RHEL 5, if there is a host that does not support sha512, please specify the md5
for compatibility. From RHEL 6, it supports sha512.
.TP
.BI PASS_MAX_DAYS
Maximum number of days a password may be used. If the value is not specified, the value
that is set to
.BI /etc/login.defs
will be used.
.TP
.BI PASS_MIN_DAYS
Minimum number of days allowed between password changes. If the value is not specified,
the value that is set to
.BI /etc/login.defs
will be used.
.TP
.BI PASS_WARN_AGE
Number of days warning given before a password expires. If the value is not specified,
the value that is set to
.BI /etc/login.defs
will be used.
.TP
.BI PASS_MINLEN
The minimum length of password
.TP
.BI PASS_CLASSES
Setting of the complexity of the password. Number of the character classes. Character
class is upper case and lower case letters, numbers and special characters.
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2016 JoungKyun.Kim
.PP
This is free software;
see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty;
not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.
.SH BUGS
bug tracker is located at <https://github.com/Joungkyun/ldap-auth-utils/issues>.
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ldap_auth(1),
.BR ldap_auth_init(1),
.BR ldap_ssl(1),
.BR ldap_grpadd(1),
.BR ldap_grpdel(1),
.BR ldap_host_manage(1),
.BR ldap_passwd(1),
.BR ldap_replica(1),
.BR ldap_useradd(1),
.BR ldap_userdel(1)
