.TH LDAP_USERADD 1 "29 Apr 2016"
.
.SH NAME
.hy 0
.
.BI ldap_useradd
\- add ldap user
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ldap_useradd
[OPTION] {ACCOUNT FORMAT}

.B {ACCOUNT FROMAT}
.IP
# uid=user,ou=People,dc=domain,dc=com
.br
.BI user@domian.com
.sp
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
ldap_useradd is add ldap user on ldap user entries

.TP
add LDAP_USER with BASE DN 'dc=DOMAIN,dc=COM':
.B ldap_useradd
LDAP_USER@DOMAIN.COM
.TP
add LDAP_USER with option:
.B ldap_useradd
-n "Michael" -l "Jackson" LDAP_USER@DOMAIN.COM
.TP
add LDAP_USER with interactive mode
.B ldap_useradd
-i LDAP_USER@DOMAIN.COM
.PP
This is used many environment variables in ldap-auth-utils.conf(5). See also
.B 'man 5 ldap-auth-utils.conf'
.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -d
Set home directory. The default value is /home/ldapusers/USERNAME.
.IP -e
Expiration date. The default value is unlimited. The format is
"YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:SS" or unix timestamp
.IP -g
ID of the primary group The default value is ldapusers who's gid is 10000.
.IP -G
list of supplementary groups. It is possible to use several times.
.IP -h
display help message and exit
.IP -H
host access privileges. It is possible to use several times.
.IP -i
interactive mode. ignore other options
.IP -n
Set real Name
.IP -l
Set last Name
.IP -p
Set password. plain strings or hashed string(with {CRYPT})
.IP -s
Set login shell. The default value is /bin/bash
.IP -y
None intercative mode
.IP --gecos
Set GECOS field of passwd entry
.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Normally, the exit status is 0 if no errors, and 1 otherwise.
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2016 JoungKyun.Kim
.PP
This is free software;
see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty;
not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.
.SH BUGS
bug tracker is located at <https://github.com/Joungkyun/ldap-auth-utils/issues>.
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ldap-auth-utils.conf(5),
.BR ldap_auth_init(1),
.BR ldap_auth(1),
.BR ldap_ssl(1),
.BR ldap_grpadd(1),
.BR ldap_grpdel(1),
.BR ldap_host_manage(1),
.BR ldap_passwd(1),
.BR ldap_replica(1),
.BR ldap_userdel(1)
