.TH LDAP_AUTH_INIT 1 "29 Apr 2016"
.
.SH NAME
.hy 0
.
.BI ldap_auth_init
\- initionalize the ldap authentification structure
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ldap_auth_init
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
ldap_auth_init initionalize the ldap authentification strucure. Default OU that is created by ldap_auth_init is Admin, Group, People.
.SS Admin OU
Admin OU have user and group entries that manages ldap service.
.B
.IP ldapadmins
The members of ladpadmins group have managed privileges.
.B
.IP ldapmanagers
Default group of user entries on Admin OU. This group has not any special privileges.
.B
.IP ldapROusers
The members of ldapROusers group have read only privileges on whole ldap databases.
.B
.IP replica
User entry for replication. replica user entry is member of ldapROusers group.
.B
.IP ssoadmin
User entry for management. ssoadmin user entry is member of ldapadmins group.
.B
.IP ssomanager
For authentification integration. This user entry is member of ldapROusers group.
.SS Group OU
This OU has group entries. ldapusers group entry is default, and this is used
to default ldap gruop.
.SS People OU
This OU has group entries. 
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2016 JoungKyun.Kim
.PP
This is free software;
see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty;
not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.
.SH BUGS
bug tracker is located at <https://github.com/Joungkyun/ldap-auth-utils/issues>.
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ldap-auth-utils.conf(5),
.BR ldap_auth(1),
.BR ldap_ssl(1),
.BR ldap_grpadd(1),
.BR ldap_grpdel(1),
.BR ldap_host_manage(1),
.BR ldap_passwd(1),
.BR ldap_replica(1),
.BR ldap_useradd(1),
.BR ldap_userdel(1)
